README.md, before:

synthit
=======

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jcreinhold/synthit.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jcreinhold/synthit)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/jcreinhold/synthit/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/jcreinhold/synthit?branch=master)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/synthit/badge/?version=latest)](http://synthit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Docker Automated Build](https://img.shields.io/docker/build/jcreinhold/synthit.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/jcreinhold/synthit/)
[![Python 3.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.6-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-360/)

This package contains *non*-deep neural network-based code to synthesize magnetic resonance (MR) and computed tomography (CT) brain images. Synthesis is the procedure 
of learning the transformation that takes a specific contrast image to another estimate contrast.

For example, given a set of T1-weighted (T1-w) and T2-weighted (T2-w) images, we can learn the function that maps the intensities of the
T1-w image to match that of the T2-w image via a random forest regressor or polynomial regressor. In this package, we supply 
the framework and some basic algorithms for this type of synthesis. See the `Relevant Papers` section (at the bottom of 
the README) for a non-exhaustive list of some papers relevant to the work in this package.

We also support a DNN-based synthesis package called [synthnn](https://gitlab.com/jcreinhold/synthnn).

** Note that this is an **alpha** release. If you have feedback or problems, please submit an issue (it is very appreciated) **

This package was developed by [Jacob Reinhold](https://jcreinhold.github.io) and the other students and researchers of the 
[Image Analysis and Communication Lab (IACL)](http://iacl.ece.jhu.edu/index.php/Main_Page).

[Link to main Gitlab Repository](https://gitlab.com/jcreinhold/synthit)

Requirements
------------

- antspy
- matplotlib
- numpy
- pyro
- scikit-learn
- scikit-image
- pytorch
- xgboost

Basic Usage
-----------

Install from the source directory

    python setup.py install
    
or (if you actively want to make changes to the package)

    python setup.py develop

Tutorial
--------

[5 minute Overview](https://github.com/jcreinhold/synthit/blob/master/tutorials/5min_tutorial.md)

Singularity
-----------

You can build a singularity image from the docker image hosted on dockerhub via the following command:

    singularity pull --name synthit.simg docker://jcreinhold/synthit
    
Test Package
------------

Unit tests can be run from the main directory as follows:

    nosetests -v --with-coverage --cover-tests --cover-package=synthit tests
  
If you are using docker, then the equivalent command will be (depending on how the image was built):

    docker run jcreinhold/synthit /bin/bash -c "pip install nose && nosetests -v tests/"

Relevant Papers
---------------

[1] A. Jog, A. Carass, S. Roy, D. L. Pham, and J. L. Prince, “Random forest regression for magnetic resonance image synthesis,” Med. Image Anal., vol. 35, pp. 475–488, 2017.

Commit message:

broke off quality metrics for synthesis, removed dependency on antspy

README.md, after:

synthit
=======

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jcreinhold/synthit.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jcreinhold/synthit)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/jcreinhold/synthit/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/jcreinhold/synthit?branch=master)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/synthit/badge/?version=latest)](http://synthit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Docker Automated Build](https://img.shields.io/docker/build/jcreinhold/synthit.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/jcreinhold/synthit/)
[![Python Versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.6%20%7C%203.7-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-360/)

This package contains *non*-deep neural network-based code to synthesize magnetic resonance (MR) and computed tomography (CT) brain images. Synthesis is the procedure 
of learning the transformation that takes a specific contrast image to another estimate contrast.

For example, given a set of T1-weighted (T1-w) and T2-weighted (T2-w) images, we can learn the function that maps the intensities of the
T1-w image to match that of the T2-w image via a random forest regressor or polynomial regressor. In this package, we supply 
the framework and some basic algorithms for this type of synthesis. See the `Relevant Papers` section (at the bottom of 
the README) for a non-exhaustive list of some papers relevant to the work in this package.

We also support a DNN-based synthesis package called [synthnn](https://gitlab.com/jcreinhold/synthnn).
There is also a seperate package to gather quality metrics of the synthesis result called [synthqc](https://gitlab.com/jcreinhold/synthqc).

** Note that this is an **alpha** release. If you have feedback or problems, please submit an issue (it is very appreciated) **

This package was developed by [Jacob Reinhold](https://jcreinhold.github.io) and the other students and researchers of the 
[Image Analysis and Communication Lab (IACL)](http://iacl.ece.jhu.edu/index.php/Main_Page).

[Link to main Gitlab Repository](https://gitlab.com/jcreinhold/synthit)

Requirements
------------

- matplotlib
- numpy
- scikit-learn
- scikit-image
- xgboost

Basic Usage
-----------


Install from the source directory

    python setup.py install
    
or (if you actively want to make changes to the package)

    python setup.py develop

Tutorial
--------

[5 minute Overview](https://github.com/jcreinhold/synthit/blob/master/tutorials/5min_tutorial.md)

Singularity
-----------

You can build a singularity image from the docker image hosted on dockerhub via the following command:

    singularity pull --name synthit.simg docker://jcreinhold/synthit
    
Test Package
------------

Unit tests can be run from the main directory as follows:

    nosetests -v --with-coverage --cover-tests --cover-package=synthit tests
  
If you are using docker, then the equivalent command will be (depending on how the image was built):

    docker run jcreinhold/synthit /bin/bash -c "pip install nose && nosetests -v tests/"

Relevant Papers
---------------

[1] A. Jog, A. Carass, S. Roy, D. L. Pham, and J. L. Prince, “Random forest regression for magnetic resonance image synthesis,” Med. Image Anal., vol. 35, pp. 475–488, 2017.
